Algorithms/Algorithms.md, before:

# Algorithms

[1. Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)
- [js](./two-sum.js) O(nlogn)
- [js 2](./two-sum.2.js) O(n)

[2. Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/)
- [js](./add-two-numbers.js) O(n)

[3. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/)
- [js](./longest-substring-without-repeating-characters.js) O(n)

[9. Palindrome Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/)
- [js](./palindrome-number.js)

[11. Container With Most Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/)
- [js](./container-with-most-water.js) O(n)

[14. Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/)
- [js](./longest-common-prefix.js)

[17. Letter Combinations of a Phone Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/)
- [js](./letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number.js)

[21. Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/)
- [js](./merge-two-sorted-lists.js)

[24. Swap Nodes in Pairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/swap-nodes-in-pairs/)
- [js](./swap-nodes-in-pairs.js)

[26. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/)
- [js](./remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array.js)

[27. Remove Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/)
- [js](./remove-element.js)

[31. Next Permutation](https://leetcode.com/problems/next-permutation/)
- [js](./next-permutation.js)

[38. Count and Say](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-and-say/)
- [js](./count-and-say.js)

Commit message:

Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array

Algorithms/Algorithms.md, after:

# Algorithms

[1. Two Sum](https://leetcode.com/problems/two-sum/)
- [js](./two-sum.js) O(nlogn)
- [js 2](./two-sum.2.js) O(n)

[2. Add Two Numbers](https://leetcode.com/problems/add-two-numbers/)
- [js](./add-two-numbers.js) O(n)

[3. Longest Substring Without Repeating Characters](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-substring-without-repeating-characters/)
- [js](./longest-substring-without-repeating-characters.js) O(n)

[9. Palindrome Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/palindrome-number/)
- [js](./palindrome-number.js)

[11. Container With Most Water](https://leetcode.com/problems/container-with-most-water/)
- [js](./container-with-most-water.js) O(n)

[14. Longest Common Prefix](https://leetcode.com/problems/longest-common-prefix/)
- [js](./longest-common-prefix.js)

[17. Letter Combinations of a Phone Number](https://leetcode.com/problems/letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number/)
- [js](./letter-combinations-of-a-phone-number.js)

[21. Merge Two Sorted Lists](https://leetcode.com/problems/merge-two-sorted-lists/)
- [js](./merge-two-sorted-lists.js)

[24. Swap Nodes in Pairs](https://leetcode.com/problems/swap-nodes-in-pairs/)
- [js](./swap-nodes-in-pairs.js)

[26. Remove Duplicates from Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array/)
- [js](./remove-duplicates-from-sorted-array.js)

[27. Remove Element](https://leetcode.com/problems/remove-element/)
- [js](./remove-element.js)

[31. Next Permutation](https://leetcode.com/problems/next-permutation/)
- [js](./next-permutation.js)

[34. Find First and Last Position of Element in Sorted Array](https://leetcode.com/problems/find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array/)
- [js](./find-first-and-last-position-of-element-in-sorted-array.js)

[38. Count and Say](https://leetcode.com/problems/count-and-say/)
- [js](./count-and-say.js)
